1.Write a query which displays the module code and the duration for modules whose duration is less than 6.
select modulecode from MODULES where duration<6;

2.Write a query which will display the BATCHCODE, TRAINERID, COURSECODE, STARTDATE, CAPACITY 
and BATCHSTRENGTH of the batches handled by the trainer KRISHNAN.
select batchcode, trainerid, coursecode, startdate, capacity 
,batchstrength from batches where trainerid = (select trainerid from trainers where trainername = 'KRISHNAN');


3.Write a query which displays all the module names of the course code 100.
select distinct modulename from modules, courseandmodules where coursecode=100;


4.Write a query which displays the module names and course code for the course code 100.
select distinct modulename, coursecode from modules, courseandmodules as cc where cc.coursecode=100;


5."Write a query which will display the number of modules present in the course code 100. 
select  count(modulename) from modules, courseandmodules where coursecode=100;


6."Write a query which will display all the course code and the number of modules present 
in that particular course.
select  coursecode, count(modulename) from modules, courseandmodules group by coursecode;


7.Write a query which will display the course title and fees which has the maximum fees.
select title, fees from courses where fees = (select max(fees) from courses);


8.Write a query which will display the student id, student name, batch code, place and 
phone number of the students who belongs to Batch '3001'.
select * from students where batchcode = 3001;


9.Write a Query which will display the student ID, Student name, Batch code, place and phone number who are from CHENNAI.
select * from students where place= 'CHENNAI';



10.Write a query which displays the total number of modules which has less than 6 days duration. 
select count(modulename) from modules where duration<6;


11.Write a query to display the batch code, course title, start date of the batches for the month of May and year 2012.
select b.batchcode, c.title, b.startdate from batches as b, courses as c
where to_char(startdate , 'MM')='05' and to_char(startdate , 'YY')='12';


12.Write a query to display courses code, course title, course fees of the courses for which 
no batches/training has been planned in the month of January and year 2012.
select coursecode, title, fees from courses where coursecode IN (select distinct(coursecode) from batches where 
to_char(startdate , 'MM')!='01' and to_char(startdate , 'YY')!='12' );


13.Write a query which displays the names of all the modules of the course titled 'Oracle DBA'
select modulename from modules where modulecode IN (select modulecode from courseandmodules where
coursecode IN (select coursecode from courses where 
title='Oracle DBA')); 


14.Write a Query which displays the student ID, Student name, Batch code, place and phone number 
of the student's who took training from CHENNAI in the year 2012.
select * from students where place='CHENNAI' and batchcode IN (select batchcode from batches where to_char(startdate , 'YY')='12' );



15.Write a query which will display the student id, student names who are enrolled for the course code 200?
select studentid, studentname from students where batchcode IN (select batchcode from batches where coursecode=200); 
